even if the Aon Neo slide was the worst
product ever which it's not I probably
still love it because this is the cutest
packaging that I think I have ever seen
for anything ever you slide a little VHS
tape box out of a VHS tape sleeve and
inside you are getting one of the most
unique handheld gaming PCs that we have
seen yet we're expecting performance to
be about on par with devices like the
Lenovo Legion go and the Seuss Rog Ally
since it's using a ryzen
77840 u which is functionally the same
as the Z1 extreme except it has some
additional AI nonsense bolted onto it
but you are getting it in a form factor
that might be a little bit on the thick
boy side but includes a full freaking
physical keyboard I mean that's one of
the biggest pain points when you're
using anything other than a steam deck
Windows is just not designed to be used
with joysticks and buttons and boom
having access to a keyboard like that
combined with io's ispace software which
has pretty good joy to Mouse the last
time that I touched it should make it a
lot easier to do things like enter a
product key or log into your Microsoft
account or just all that crap that you
have to do with Windows let's have a
look at accessories real quick all black
just matte black absolutely everything
nice compact power brick this bad boy
will do up to 65 w
love to see it also love that it uses a
detachable cable so that I'm not stuck
with whatever length they happen to ship
me oh various region adapters for the
wall wart it looks like it comes with
the North American one pre-installed at
least for me this is cool though I also
get a couple of USBC to usba dongles
this could either be useful I guess if I
wanted to use a usba cable off of here I
probably wouldn't do that or if I wanted
to convert either of the devices dual
USBC ports to a USB type A let's pull
these off so we can take a closer look
on the top you're going to find a
fingerprint sensor power button volume
rocker one USBC Port this is USB 4 so
might be able to use it with some
Thunderbolt accessories might not your
mileage may vary we've got a total of oo
those are they really do feel really
nice two hall effect triggers two
regular shoulder buttons and then two
additional
L4 R4 buttons I don't know cuz this
would be your threes and then normally
four would be here but it's not it's
here they're pretty hard to reach
without accidentally touching the
shoulders but if you have bigger hands I
could see using them for something I
guess on the bottom we've got another
USB 4 Port I really like to have the
option of having it either plugged in
the bottom or the top cuz if you're
sitting the bottom is great instead of
having it hanging off the top and kind
of dragging it down but if you're lying
in bed having it come out the bottom is
a great way to damage your cable down
here there's also a Micro SD slot and a
couple of stereo speakers kind of wish
they were forward facing but io's done
some pretty good stuff with the audio on
their devices in the past so they might
end up sounding pretty good on the face
we've got very serviceable ABX y buttons
a really nice compact form factor
especially considering how big some of
these devices have gotten lately look at
you Legion go these joysticks also haul
effect with RGB accent lighting what
feels immediately like a pretty
serviceable d-pad and then of course
your start select whatever those are on
an Xbox controller an iio space button
and a return to desktop button the big
star of the show is of course the
display and ah yes that's right you guys
saw that the 30° of tilt that IO is
extremely proud of unlike previous
similar devices that we've seen before
like the GPD Win 4 this is a more
powerful and B the first that we've seen
that has a screen that tilts like this
for they claim and honestly I can't see
any reason to doubt this improved
ergonomics this yeah that it means that
I don't have
to here you can't really see this
because of the gorgeous Dropout hoodie
that I'm wearing LTT store.com but in
order to be looking straight at the
screen i' would normally have to bend my
wrist back at this angle instead they do
the wrist bending for you keeping you
aligned while you're sitting at a desk
and resting your console on the surface
of
it ah this is a problem while the
display reached a whopping 500 nits
that's 100 more than what they rate it
for and achieved pretty decent
performance when it comes to color
accuracy it's 60 htz which is a big
disadvantage compared to the Rog Ally
and the steam deck OLED not to mention
the limo of Legion go though I don't
know how many people are buying that one
but it is not touchscreen after filming
we found out it's just our
pre-production unit that doesn't have a
touchcreen retail units do thank
goodness let's go ahead and fire up a
game shall we or talk about our sponsor
step into 2024 with confidence thanks to
manscaped and their performance package
5.0 Ultra it includes the lawn mower 5.0
Ultra so you can now mow your lawn if
you know what I mean it includes their
weed whacker 2.0 for your ears and nose
so it doesn't look like a kraken is
trying to escape from up there it
includes their crop Soother and crop
preserver to keep your nether region
smelling fresh though it should be noted
that no one at Short Circuit or Linus
Media Group or any of its Affiliated
companies recommends hurting yourself
trying to check anything like that but
what you should check is the performance
package 5.0 ultr manscape.com circuit
and use code circuit to get 20% off free
shipping and two free gifts holy crap
this fan moves air I guess that's one of
the advantages of having a thicker body
is you can
put like I can feel this blowing air
this fraking far away from it that looks
like a gigantic cooler okay I guess
now's a good time for us to talk about
the various performance modes that are
available on this device rather than
just naming them after wattages they've
got AAA game mode which runs at 23 Watts
but we turned all the way up to 28 Watts
so we could see exactly how much it
could do in our testing they got normal
game mode retro game mode and office
mode which are 20 watts 15 watts and
then 9 Watts respectively we are
obviously in AAA game mode right now
because a this thing is consuming about
28 Watts between the CPU and the GPU and
B it is crushing Doom maternal despite
being a little tiny handheld
device oh had a little bit of lag there
but what are we set to because I think
that this is set to a very unreasonable
level of detail right now this looks
absolutely spectacular yeah it's set to
ultra nightmare quality that's not fair
let's go to medium especially at 1080p
resolution on these mobile chipsets
anything above that is a lot to ask even
for an older AAA game like do maternal
you can see right now though I'm getting
like 50 55 FPS this is
very playable I will say though ah
coming from a device like the Ally which
is what I'm daily driving right now the
screen is a little small and it's not
just you know oh I'm old and I can't see
very well like your HUD elements are
just kind of tiny sharp though I mean
1080p at this size what is this like 6
in okay 6 in that's a lot of pixel
density I mean that's like having a 4k
monitor that was only 12 in diagonally
literally I turned the speakers off
before to get some idea of how loud the
cooling system is and I got to say given
how long we've had Doom maternal running
this is pretty impressive not to mention
that the CPU and GPU are both in the 60°
range right now that is extremely
reasonable honestly if I was the one
designing the fan profile for this I'd
probably let them run a little bit
hotter and just have it be even quieter
though even this is not necessarily a
problem let's turn on the volume a
little bit yeah they're downward firing
and I've seen some pretty incred magic
done with downward firing speakers but
it does not appear to be present at this
time uh okay let's uh let's lose do
maternal this is cool though ah
shortcut I
see um I don't
know I don't know what I've
done hello buddy hello no um that's
another thing a&o is proud of with this
device is they support gyroscopic a ging
so that's something that you can
actually configure in a wide variety of
games with third party tools I do need
to figure out how to fix the resolution
of this display real quick though come
here you that was weird oh the RGB on
the joysticks uh we found the
configuration to be a little rough IA
space I really really liked it in the
first couple of iterations and it feels
like there's a lot of things that have
almost regressed at this point there we
go RGB lighting effect RGB breathe
personally I'm not a huge fan of having
RGB on these anyway just because I find
it really distracting when I'm gaming I
always turn it off whoo no way the
keyboard is back lit
though yep okay that's pretty cool that
I care about because if I'm in the dark
trying to type I can find my joysticks
right like but if I'm in the dark trying
to type something that's really useful
to have this is nice quick toggles
brightness ooh you can change trigger
sensitivity that's really nice Hall of
Fame triggers yeah yeah can adjust the
gyro sensitivity that's super cool as
well it's just a matter of whether this
will come up when you're in game or not
that's the trouble that I've had lately
wow you can totally just set up your own
profile it's doing the thing where the
mouse and the controller are both trying
to fight for control this is not good
let's see cyberpunk on this thing in
mute fan mode it'll have to ramp up I
just want to see how quiet it can manage
to stay uh oh dang it I don't have an
FPS counter I mean I can tell you guys
it's in the like 3540 range oh God the I
thing is in the way now oh God oh God
it's controlling everything oh God oh
God all right hey look did I nail it or
what though FPS
38 why do I even need an FPS counter I
don't know we are running in Steam deck
optimized mode with Fidelity effect
super resolution but we're running at
1080p which the steam deck wouldn't be
and we're still getting I mean 1% lows
of 29 33 35 this is not a very dense
area right now it was a little bit lower
before pretty darn impressive and we
found that performance was really solid
across the board it makes sense given
that this is a Z1 extreme with good
cooling did I say good cooling cuz I
think I kind of mean great cooling now
that I put it in silent mode yeah
they're up at around 70° and the
controller is a little bit too hot I'd
say maybe don't operate in that mode
unless you're extremely sensitive to
noise but guys you can barely hear
it that's freaking awesome even battery
life is decent it's got a 46w hour
battery so that's squarely in between
the original steam deck and the newer
steam deck OLED which gave it okay under
an hour in our stress test but that's
true of realistically any of these
gaming handhelds and a very respectable
over 4 hours in our endurance test so
you'd expect depending on the profile
you're running in depending on your
screen brightness you're going to be
getting anywhere from probably a couple
of hours of gaming to in excess of 4
hours or even 5 hours if you're just
playing you know some Sprite based kind
of retro Style game and you keep your
screen
dim H nice small dead zones on the
joysticks though that's always nice to
see yeah really responsive of course
nothing we've talked about so far really
addresses the main selling point of this
device and that's the keyboard so enough
cyberpunk let's play some Mavis
Beacon Davis Beacon online let's
go my battery just
die it did warn me fairness it's going
to be $6.99 in the Indiegogo for the
base spec that is with the Z1 extreme
equivalent though and then as you go up
in Ram and storage and all of that the
price goes up quite a bit now it should
be noted all of our performance testing
was at ddr5 at
6400 but the Finish device is expected
to go a little bit higher with a new
bios we just didn't have that available
to us at the time of testing so it might
perform a little bit better as well
hello buddy can you oh I guess this is
the thing right during testing we
encountered a couple of instances where
the screen just powered off this thing's
on but the screen no worky hopefully
that's another thing that they could
sort out in firmware like the lack of a
touch screen ioner has let us know that
these issues will be resolved in the
full production
units oh I I guess I realized I didn't
even really comment on this mechanism
it's great as long as you don't try to
use it one-sided that's not great that's
fine that's
fine that is not very
fine yeah I don't think we're playing
Mavis Beacon I think we're defeated just
like you'll be defeated if you don't
stay subscribed to Short Circuit so you
always know what's going on